---
title: '11'
slug: '11'
question: I'm a US citizen and my voter registration was previously rejected because I've never resided in the US. What can I do?
category: neverResided_2
---
As noted in the answer to [FAQ #10](/faqs/10) (“**Can I Register To Vote If I’ve Never Resided In The U.S.?**”), federal law guarantees your right to vote in federal elections. To register to vote, you submit the Federal Post Card Application (FPCA) to the last state in which your U.S. parent resided before leaving the U.S. 

However, the FPCA covers all 50+ U.S. voting jurisdictions and not all classification categories are applicable for every state. If your voter registration application was rejected because you indicated you’ve “Never Resided” in the state, you can try to re-apply under another category. As an non-military overseas voter, the alternatives are: “I intend to return” or “My return is uncertain.”

Alternatively, you could submit your FPCA to a state to which you have sufficient ties. If you have a strong tie to a state, such as lengthy stays (30 days in-state is often a requirement to register to vote) or multiple visits to friends or relatives in-state, you may be able to use one of those addresses as your “US voting address.”

Finally, if you're able, you could go live in the US for a sufficient amount of time to establish voting residency at that address (as mentioned above 30 days is often a requirement to register to vote). Then you’d be using your own US voting address and not using your US parent’s last US residence address.

Please keep in mind, this is general advice about registering to vote as an overseas voter. The Local Election Official (LEO) in the voting district makes the final determination whether to accept a voter's registration form.
