---
title: '21'
slug: '21'
question: What do I need to do to return my voted ballot?
category: returningBallot_4
---
Your ballot is your vote--when you get your ballot, be sure to fill it out and return it right away. You don’t want your ballot to be rejected because you missed the deadline. And if any problems occur, you also want to make sure you have time to correct them.

Each state has its own rules and procedures that you must follow to ensure your vote is deemed valid. Your ballot will contain the instructions and deadlines specific to your voting state. Please be sure to read and follow the instructions completely! 

If you have any questions, contact your Local Election Official for clarification--email is usually best so you will have a written record. Don’t make guesses; if your ballot is rejected, you won’t get a second chance! The contact information should be on your ballot instructions, as well as [here](/states)

All states allow return of voted ballot by Mail--and over half of the states also allow return of voted ballots by email, fax or online upload. We highly recommend you use one of these electronic methods to return your ballot if available in your state. 

And after you send in your voted ballot, be sure to verify that it was received and counted! You can contact your Local Election Official directly for confirmation. Also, many states have websites to track your ballot return, although the website information may not be as up-to-date as information from your Local Election Official. You can find contact information and, if available, links to state ballot tracking state websites [here](/states) (scroll down to  “Where Is My Ballot?)


