content/en/faqs/22-can-i-vote-in-state-and-local-elections-if-i-live-outside-the-us.md, before:

---
title: 22. CAN I VOTE IN STATE AND LOCAL ELECTIONS IF I LIVE OUTSIDE THE US?
categories:
  - category: Eligibility / First Time Voter
  - category: Other Related Issues
relatedFaqs:
  - {}
---
As an overseas voter, you need to send in your form to request a ballot (and register to vote if necessary), and your state will send a ballot listing all the races you are eligible to vote in. 

All US overseas voters have the right to vote for Federal offices (that is, President, US Senate and US House of Representatives). 

But each state decides if some or all of its overseas voters may vote in State and Local elections (such as, Governor, state legislature and local offices). Most every state allow overseas voters who indicate on their voter registration/ballot request form that they “intend to return” to vote in state and local elections. Some states also allow overseas voters whose “return is uncertain” to vote in these elections, but other states do not and will send these voters a ballot listing Federal offices only.

Commit message:

Update FAQs “22-can-i-vote-in-state-and-local-elections-if-i-live-outside-the-us”

content/en/faqs/22-can-i-vote-in-state-and-local-elections-if-i-live-outside-the-us.md, after:

---
title: Can I vote in state and local elections if I live outside the US?
categories:
  - category: Eligibility / First Time Voter
  - category: Other Related Issues
relatedFaqs:
  - {}
---
As an overseas voter, you need to send in your form to request a ballot (and register to vote if necessary), and your state will send a ballot listing all the races you are eligible to vote in. 

All US overseas voters have the right to vote for Federal offices (that is, President, US Senate and US House of Representatives). 

But each state decides if some or all of its overseas voters may vote in State and Local elections (such as, Governor, state legislature and local offices). Most every state allow overseas voters who indicate on their voter registration/ballot request form that they “intend to return” to vote in state and local elections. Some states also allow overseas voters whose “return is uncertain” to vote in these elections, but other states do not and will send these voters a ballot listing Federal offices only.
