---
title: "5"
slug: how-do-i-register-to-vote-or-request-a-ballot-as-a-us-citizen-living-abroad
question: How do I register to vote or request a ballot as a US Citizen living abroad?
isInMenu: false
categories:
  - category: voterRegistration
relatedFaqs: []
---
A US citizen can register to vote from abroad while living, working or traveling overseas by submitting one federal registration form. As an overseas voter, you will also need to send in the same form in subsequent years to request your ballot for every calendar year in which you wish to vote. 

The form, the Federal Post Card Application (FPCA) is only one page and covers all elections in the calendar year: Primary, General and Special Elections that you may otherwise not be aware of. 

It only takes 5-10 minutes to fill out and submit the form: 

1. **On the main screen of <https://www.votefromabroad.org> (VFA), click “Start” and follow the prompts to fill out the form**.  
   We highly recommend you check the box on the form to request your blank ballot be sent to you by Email/Online or Fax--you won't have to worry about your blank ballot being lost or delayed in the Mail or if you move.

2. **Submit the completed and signed form to your Local Election Official (LEO) in the US.**  
   The instructions will provide the applicable contact information and will indicate whether your state accepts the form by Email or Fax as well as Mail (most states do).

   * To submit your completed FPCA by Fax or Mail: Download and print out the completed FPCA and Instructions. Sign and date the form, then fax or mail it directly to your LEO using the contact information in the Instructions (the contact information is also [here](/states).)

   * To submit your completed FPCA by Email: You may either print it out as described above and send it in as an email attachment--or--follow the instructions to sign the form using the online signature photo tool, then use VFA to email your completed FPCA directly to your LEO.

_If you have any questions while filling out the form, VoteFromAbroad.org has an online chat box (the orange square in the lower right corner of every screen)._

3. **After you submit your FPCA, be sure to contact your LEO to verify they received it and will be sending you a ballot.** Use the contact information in the Instructions (the contact information is also [here](/states).) 

   This final step is very important! Only your election office can process your form and send out your ballot. They aren't required to contact you to confirm receipt; it's up to you to follow-up to ensure you'll get your ballot.
