content/en/faqs/i-haven’t-received-my-ballot-yet-what-should-i-do.md, before:

---
title: 'I haven''t received my ballot yet, what should I do?'
categories:
  - category: FWAB - Emergency Write-in Ballot
relatedFaqs:
  - {}
---
For Nov 6 General Election:

States are required to send out ballots to overseas voters 45 days before a scheduled election. If you’ve requested a ballot in 2018, your Nov 6 General Election ballot should be sent out by Sept 22, 2018.

The most reliable way to check if you are on the voter rolls and will be receiving a ballot is to email or call your Local Election Official. You can look up the contact information for your Local Election Official here:  www.votefromabroad.org/vote/eod.htm?submission=true

Most states also provide a website where you can check to verify your voter status, but it is not always up to date. To find your state’s website, google “[state] verify voter registration”


After Sept 22, add: 

If you are concerned you may not receive your ballot in time to meet the deadline to return your voted ballot, you can vote now using the Federal Write-In Absentee Ballot (FWAB). Submitting a back-up ballot can be confusing, so we’ve set up a website with the steps the voters will need to follow:  www.votefromabroad.org/fwab [For states that require mail in only, you can use: www.votefromabroad.org/fwab_mail]

The FWAB is a ballot, so please follow the instructions carefully and be sure to keep an eye on the deadlines. The deadline information for your state will be in the Instructions that print out with your completed FWAB. Please be sure to allow enough time for mailing (or contacting the US Embassy or Consulate for placing in the diplomatic pouch).

And be sure to email or call your Local Election Official to verify that your ballot is coming! If your Local Election Official hasn’t received your form to request your ballot, you’ll need to send it in right away to meet the deadline--otherwise your vote won’t be counted

Commit message:

Update FAQs “i-haven’t-received-my-ballot-yet-what-should-i-do”

content/en/faqs/i-haven’t-received-my-ballot-yet-what-should-i-do.md, after:

---
title: 'I haven''t received my ballot yet, what should I do?'
slug: I-havent-received-my-ballot-yet
isInMenu: true
categories:
  - category: FWAB - Emergency Write-in Ballot
relatedFaqs:
  - {}
---
For Nov 6 General Election:

States are required to send out ballots to overseas voters 45 days before a scheduled election. If you’ve requested a ballot in 2018, your Nov 6 General Election ballot should be sent out by Sept 22, 2018.

The most reliable way to check if you are on the voter rolls and will be receiving a ballot is to email or call your Local Election Official. You can look up the contact information for your Local Election Official here:  www.votefromabroad.org/election-officials

Most states also provide a website where you can check to verify your voter status, but it is not always up to date. To find your state’s website, google “\[state] verify voter registration”

After Sept 22, add: 

If you are concerned you may not receive your ballot in time to meet the deadline to return your voted ballot, you can vote now using the Federal Write-In Absentee Ballot (FWAB). Submitting a back-up ballot can be confusing, so we’ve set up a website with the steps the voters will need to follow:  www.votefromabroad.org/fwab \[For states that require mail in only, you can use: www.votefromabroad.org/fwab_mail]

The FWAB is a ballot, so please follow the instructions carefully and be sure to keep an eye on the deadlines. The deadline information for your state will be in the Instructions that print out with your completed FWAB. Please be sure to allow enough time for mailing (or contacting the US Embassy or Consulate for placing in the diplomatic pouch).

And be sure to email or call your Local Election Official to verify that your ballot is coming! If your Local Election Official hasn’t received your form to request your ballot, you’ll need to send it in right away to meet the deadline--otherwise your vote won’t be counted
