content/en/faqs/i’m-concerned-i-won’t-get-my-ballot-in-time-what-should-i-do.md, before:

---
title: 'I''m concerned I won''t get my ballot in time, what should I do?'
categories:
  - category: FWAB - Emergency Write-in Ballot
relatedFaqs:
  - {}
---
If you’re concerned you may not receive your blank ballot in time to meet the deadline to return your voted ballot, you can vote NOW using the Federal Write-In Absentee Ballot (FWAB or “back-up ballot”). Submitting a back-up ballot can be confusing, so we’ve set up a website with the steps you will need to follow:  www.votefromabroad.org/fwab [Or, for states that require voted ballots to be sent in by mail only, please see: www.votefromabroad.org/fwab_mail]

The FWAB is a ballot, so please follow the instructions carefully and be sure to keep an eye on the deadlines. The deadline information for your state will be in the Instructions that print out with your completed FWAB. Please be sure to allow enough time for for your FWAB to get back to the US by the deadline! 

And be sure to email or call your Local Election Official to verify that your ballot is coming! If your Local Election Official hasn’t received your form to request your ballot, you’ll need to send it in right away to meet the deadline--otherwise your vote won’t be counted.

Commit message:

Update FAQs “i’m-concerned-i-won’t-get-my-ballot-in-time-what-should-i-do”

content/en/faqs/i’m-concerned-i-won’t-get-my-ballot-in-time-what-should-i-do.md, after:

---
title: 'I''m concerned I won''t get my ballot in time, what should I do?'
slug: im-concerned-i-wont-get-my-ballot-in-time
isInMenu: false
categories:
  - category: FWAB - Emergency Write-in Ballot
relatedFaqs:
  - {}
---
If you’re concerned you may not receive your blank ballot in time to meet the deadline to return your voted ballot, you can vote NOW using the Federal Write-In Absentee Ballot (FWAB or “back-up ballot”). Submitting a back-up ballot can be confusing, so we’ve set up a website with the steps you will need to follow:  www.votefromabroad.org/fwab [Or, for states that require voted ballots to be sent in by mail only, please see: www.votefromabroad.org/fwab_mail]

The FWAB is a ballot, so please follow the instructions carefully and be sure to keep an eye on the deadlines. The deadline information for your state will be in the Instructions that print out with your completed FWAB. Please be sure to allow enough time for for your FWAB to get back to the US by the deadline! 

And be sure to email or call your Local Election Official to verify that your ballot is coming! If your Local Election Official hasn’t received your form to request your ballot, you’ll need to send it in right away to meet the deadline--otherwise your vote won’t be counted.
