---
title: '28'
question: >-
  I'm studying abroad for only one semester, should I send in the Federal Post Card Application (FPCA) to register to vote or wait until I get back to the US?
isInMenu: false
categories:
  - 
    category: studyAbroad
relatedFaqs:
  - 
    related: '7'
---
Don’t wait to register to vote--do it now! As a U.S. citizen living outside the U.S., you need to make sure you get a ballot for every election in which you are entitled to vote. Sending in the Federal Post Card Application (FPCA) *will cover you for all elections in the calendar year*: Primary, General and Special Elections that you may otherwise not be aware of.

The FPCA is only a one-page form and it provides protections available only to overseas voters--including the ability to receive your blank ballot electronically, your blank ballot must be sent to you at least 45 days before the election, you can use the Federal Write-In Absentee Ballot if necessary and many states allow additional time to return your voted ballot and/or the ability to return your voted ballot electronically. (See also [FAQ #7](/faqs/7) “**Why Should I Submit A Federal Post Card Application (FPCA) Rather Than My State’s In-State Absentee Ballot Request Form?**”)

And plans can change! You may find yourself living outside the U.S. longer than you originally planned--travelling, enrolling in a new program or just hanging out in your new city. When you use the FPCA, you can request your blank ballot be sent to by Email/Online or Fax and you’ll receive your ballot wherever you are in the world.

Lastly, many states have early deadlines to register to vote--if you wait until you’re back in the U.S., you run the risk of missing the deadline and losing your chance to vote.